- Previously on
"Superman & Lois"...
- Setting him free would be the
biggest mistake of your life.
- He threatened me,
told me to retire
from journalism,
or he would come back.
- He'd have to go through me
and Superman to hurt you.
And that's not gonna happen.
- Something I can do for you?
- Every time you die,
it just makes you stronger.
Let me kill you so nothing
in this world can stop you--
nothing.
Ever think about dying,
Superman?
Because you're about to.
- [roaring]
- What's he done to you?
[dramatic music]
- When you're done,
bring me his heart.
- Don't.
♪ ♪
- [roaring]
- What's happening?
- I can't hear him
breathing anymore.
- [snarling]
[snarling]
[roaring]
♪ ♪
- That thing was at our house.
How did it know to come here?
- I don't know.
[whoosh]
- I found this not far
from the barn.
- Grandpa's ELT.
- After he went missing,
your dad must have
come here looking for him.
- You think Granddad was here?
- No, but Luthor was.
And my guess is he used
that to call his new pet.
- So that's why he wanted
Granddad, to get the ELT.
- It's easy to be brave
with Superman and the DOD
watching out for you.
- I need you to listen for
your grandfather's voice.
- Why not Dad?
- You heard what he said.
He didn't want any of us
to engage.
Just concentrate on
your grandfather.
We have to find him now.
[high-pitched warbling]
[discordant noises]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[rock music]
- Really?
- Hotel mine?
- I purchased it through
Eckworth Industries
to avoid any questions.
You overpaid.
- No, I didn't.
- It's been over a month since
you've been out of prison.
Why haven't you been back
to LuthorCorp yet?
- I have things to do here.
- And how much longer do you
expect these things will take?
The board is getting restless.
- Not my concern.
- They're all spineless
sycophants, especially Bash.
Anything I can tell
them about how you want
things to run moving forward?
- Nothing changes.
Everything's been operating as
it should be the last 17 years.
- I'm pretty sure they're sick
of getting orders from me.
- Which tells me
you're doing it right.
[suspenseful music]
There's a reason you're
the only one I trust.
- Consider it handled.
- Any word on Elizabeth?
- She left London before
you were released.
- Keep looking.
She can't just disappear.
- Can I please fix
this place up for you?
- This is everything I need.
- At least let me get you
some window dressings.
- Amanda,
it's not a prison cell.
That's enough for me.
♪ ♪
But there is one thing
I need Milton to build.
[car doors slam]
- [groans]
- I'll get him.
- I'm sure as hell
not gonna do it.
- [groaning]
- Date's not over yet.
[muffled speech]
[high-pitched warbling]
- It's all, like,
muffled or something.
- You think it's Grandpa?
[muffled speech]
- I don't know.
Maybe.
- I know this is hard, sweetie,
but you have to keep trying.
Help him.
- Where are you going?
- To think.
The radiation makes
my brain foggy.
[heart beating]
- How can you do that?
Your heartbeat,
like, never rises.
- I just try not
to give in to the fear.
Just sort of how
I'm built, I guess.
[soft apprehensive music]
- That thing Dad was fighting,
how could he beat that?
- He'll beat it.
- Did you see the look
on his face?
Dad was scared.
What if he knew
he couldn't beat it?
- He will.
We have to believe that.
- I don't know if I do.
Not this time.
And without Dad, man,
I'm just not ready
to do all this without him.
♪ ♪
- You okay?
Maybe a glass of wine?
Something stronger.
- I just have
so many questions.
- I know. I know.
And my mom thought you could
probably use some space,
so she went into town
to give us some privacy.
So I'll answer any
questions you have.
- Why tell me now?
- Because I'm in love with you,
more in love than I
ever thought I could be.
- So when you
heard me tell Janet
that I was in love during
the Superman interview...
- That was the best day
of my life.
- Even if I called you dorky?
- Sometimes,
I'm a little dorky.
[soft music]
You're mad?
Mm, definitely not mad.
Oh, oh, um, you wanna--
- Go to your bedroom,
right now.
- Okay.
- You said she wanted
to give us space, right?
- Yeah, no,
she won't be back.
It's just, um,
I've never, um...
- Done it
in your childhood bedroom?
It'll be fine.
I'll turn the Cal Ripken
around so he's not watching!
- That's not--
that's not what I meant.
Um...
I've never...
- Oh.
I love you.
There's no one else for me.
- I love you too.
- Good.
Then get ready to have
a new best day of your life.
- Mm!
♪ ♪
[whirring]
- Where are you, Clark?
[voice echoing]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [snarling]
[snarls]
[snarling]
[roaring]
♪ ♪
[peaceful music]
- Chrissy, have you
seen the case file on--
- Not Chrissy.
[soft tense music]
♪ ♪
- What have you done
with my father?
- I walked to your house
and made you an offer.
- You threatened me.
- There was no threat
if you retired.
But I was clear.
You don't get to have
your words in print anymore,
not after what you did.
- You left this at my house
after you called that thing.
- Did I?
Prove it.
- This isn't a game.
- If you didn't want this,
you should have taken my offer.
- Where's my dad?
- He won't be
protecting you anymore.
Neither will Superman.
- I don't need protection.
- You have been
hiding behind Superman
and the general
your entire career.
Those days are over.
- You want me to retire?
Fine.
Okay, I retire.
- [chuckles]
You're not even a good liar.
- If you have hurt him,
I swear to God,
I will put you away for the
rest of your miserable life.
- You like it here
in this small town?
The "aw shucks"
and the apple pie?
Makes you feel safe?
Seems fake to me.
Maybe being here
will change my mind.
- So, what,
you're staying in Smallville?
- Right there,
across the street.
Oh, it's got the perfect view.
- I'm not scared of you.
- You will be.
Being alone
like I was in prison,
nearly losing the business
I built,
having my daughter turn on me,
it tested me in ways
you can't possibly imagine.
At least not yet.
♪ ♪
Nice headline.
- No one has seen
or heard from Superman
since the attack took place.
People have been gathering
here ever since,
looking for any sign
of the Man of Steel.
There are unconfirmed reports
that the assailants
were using
Kryptonite weaponry.
Police are continuing to
investigate the crime scene.
- I can confirm those reports.
- What happened?
- Luthor.
- He was there?
- Eh, more Intergang,
maybe some yakuza.
But the weapons were
definitely Luthor.
- You're cut.
- Huh? Oh.
How do these guys keep
getting Kryptonite?
- Let me get you a Band-Aid.
- No, it's okay.
It'll just, um--
Yeah.
- You really had me
worried there.
We just got married.
I'm not ready to be a widow.
- That is never
gonna happen.
- Says the guy who
was just attacked
by two gangs with Kryptonite.
- Yeah, and my cut healed.
Plus, I can fly.
I have heat vision...
- Laser eyes.
- And super strength,
not that I'm bragging.
- You're totally bragging.
- Hey, I just
don't want you to worry.
- Kind of goes
with being in love.
You worry.
- I'm not going anywhere.
You're stuck with me forever.
- Promise?
[soft music]
♪ ♪
[tense music]
- I brought you
something to drink.
- Go to hell.
- Don't be like that.
You need water.
Fine.
Suit yourself.
- What do you want?
The DOD doesn't negotiate
with people like you,
so whatever you're looking for,
you're not gonna get it.
- I'm pretty sure we will.
- What kind of a person
does something like this?
- How many people
have you kidnapped?
Has to be in the hundreds,
at least.
- That's not what
I was talking about.
- You mean us?
- Is any of it real?
- My name's not Gretchen.
But I did have a good time.
- You were very convincing.
- Thank you.
- That wasn't a compliment.
- No, I guess it wasn't.
Can I ask you something?
- I don't see where
I have much of a choice.
- Had it really been that long
since you'd been with someone?
♪ ♪
I'm glad I could give you that.
- You're a disgrace.
- I've been called worse
by better.
- We done here?
- Yeah.
I think so.
[high-pitched warbling]
[garbled voices]
- Come on. Let's go eat.
I'm starving.
- I still can't hear Granddad.
- That doesn't mean
he's dead, okay?
Maybe you just need
something to eat
to help you, like, hone in.
- The only reason he went out
with her was because of me.
Jordan, I'm the one
who showed him the app,
told him to get out there.
And if that lady kills him--
- She's not going to kill him.
- You don't know that!
For all we know,
he's dead already,
and if he is, it's my fault.
- Dude, stop, okay?
All you were trying to do
was help Grandpa.
And it worked, okay?
He was crazy happy.
It was like watching a body
snatcher movie or something.
It is not your fault
that Lex Luthor
had some month-long plan
to kidnap him.
But if you keep blaming
yourself, Grandpa might die.
That's the truth.
So please stop.
[soft apprehensive music]
- Yeah.
Okay.
You're right.
- I know.
Now, let's go eat.
[phone buzzing]
[soft tense music]
♪ ♪
- He with you?
- Yeah.
Anything change
with the daughter?
- Just more lies.
- Copy that.
- One to the head,
one to the heart.
Have Otis clean up after.
♪ ♪
- That was Lex Luthor,
wasn't it?
You work for him?
Look, I have
three grandchildren.
You met them.
They're amazing kids.
My granddaughter, she only
recently came into my life.
We're just getting
to know each other.
She's lost a lot
of people already.
I don't think she can
handle another one.
Whatever Luthor has on you,
I can get you away from him,
put you anywhere you want,
give you a new name,
a new life.
I can protect you.
[soft tense music]
♪ ♪
- I wish that were true.
But no one can hide
from Luthor.
You're a good man.
I'm sorry it had
to happen like this.
♪ ♪
- Why don't you try and fly up
into the atmosphere this time?
Might get better reception
up there.
- Go get the check.
[bells tinkle]
What's wrong?
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- I take it you know who I am.
Your mother told you
why I'm here?
- We know why you're here.
- 'Cause you're
a straight-up psycho.
- Ah.
17 years ago, your mother
and her good friend Superman
put me in prison
for crimes I didn't commit.
This is my daughter, Elizabeth.
This is what she looked like
the last time I saw her,
dropping her off to school.
She meant everything to me.
Elizabeth was the only person
in my life that loved me.
Not my mother,
not my ex-wife...
Just her.
- Kind of sounds like
you're the problem.
[table rattles]
- Boys, everything okay?
♪ ♪
- Your mother took her from me.
Everything that's coming
is justified.
♪ ♪
What the hell
are you doing, Lois?
You can't print this story.
- Presses are already running.
- I told you
that voice wasn't me.
- Well, the recording
suggests otherwise.
- Do not run that story.
- This is not some
criminal enterprise of yours.
This is the "Daily Planet."
- Then I'll buy
the "Daily Planet"!
- From prison?
Not likely.
- This makes you feel powerful,
doesn't it,
deciding someone's fate?
- I'm just reporting the truth.
- No, you're doing real harm.
- That is rich coming from you.
- This crusade against me,
it isn't about Moxie
or Intergang.
It's about your friend.
You're trying to protect him.
- Superman doesn't
need my protection.
- No, no, you have been
after me
ever since I discovered
his weakness.
- That has nothing
to do with this.
- There's more Kryptonite
out there, Lois.
Don't make me expose it
to the world.
- Get the hell
out of my office.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[door closes]
- Lex Luthor is here.
- We saw him at Vicky May's.
- Where he pretty much admitted
being behind
everything that's happening.
- I know.
He came in here earlier.
- Well, we have to
do something.
- We can't, honey.
- I can.
- Jordan, you stay away
from him.
- He just walked
into the hotel.
No one else is even in there.
- Jordan, I said no.
Do you understand?
- Mom, maybe Jordan's right.
- I have known Lex Luthor
long enough to know
that this is just
the beginning.
You stay away from him,
both of you.
Please, just focus on
finding your grandfather.
He needs our help.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[shovel clattering]
- Pretty pathetic,
hitting a woman,
even if she was
supposed to kill you.
- Shut up, Otis.
- Probably the reason
he was on that loser app
in the first place.
- That's enough.
[suspenseful music]
- Lex.
- We can discuss this later.
- [groaning]
I was going to
make this painless,
but then you decided
to try to escape.
- Didn't peg you as one
to twist the knife.
Guess I gave you
too much credit.
- I thought you might wanna
look at your daughter's paper,
seeing as it's the reason
you're here.
- Lois isn't to blame for this.
- She made her choice.
Looking after you just
wasn't a top priority.
- Wanna lecture me
about daughters?
At least mine
still talked to me.
How's Elizabeth doing anyway?
Do you know where she is?
- Enough.
- Who she is?
- Enough!
No one is coming
to save you, General.
See for yourself.
- He always comes back.
- Not this time.
- [groans]
Keep the sand wet.
It'll make his choking
more painful.
♪ ♪
- [groaning]
- Ms. Lane,
listen to my voice.
- What's happening?
- I'm right here.
Everything's gonna be okay.
You just had a small seizure.
- Okay, is that normal?
- I need to get Dr. Patel.
She'll explain everything.
- [moaning]
- I'm taking you
to the fortress.
- Clark.
- I'm worried
it may be eclampsia.
- Something is wrong.
- Dr. Patel will handle it.
- We can't take that chance.
- We talked about this.
No Kryptonian tech.
- Things have changed.
You just had a seizure.
- I'm fine.
- Lois, I can't lose you.
- Snap out of it, Clark!
I understand that this is hard,
but I am the one
who is giving birth.
You don't get to freak out
just 'cause you're worried.
We both worry about each other.
- Yeah, but I can't--
- Die?
- Yeah.
- That doesn't keep me
from worrying about you.
How many times
have I had to explain to you
that worrying is just
a part of being in love?
- Okay, okay, okay.
You're right.
- Yes, I know I am right!
Now, could you please
go get Dr. Patel
so she can deliver
these babies?
Oh, I am so over having twins!
They're like
two little gremlins
knocking against each other!
- All right, all right.
- No, no!
- I'm staying. I'm staying.
I'm staying right here,
right here.
- Okay.
- Okay, I'm right here.
- [groaning]
- Here they come.
- Okay.
- Mom.
- What is it?
- It's Jordan.
He thinks he heard
Grandpa screaming.
[tense music]
- Jordan.
- He stopped.
- Try again.
- I'm telling you,
there's nothing.
It was really faint,
almost like he--
- Was what? Whispering?
- Had tape over his mouth?
- More like he was choking.
- Lex told me
he was gonna kill him.
- Okay, Mom, we don't
know anything for sure.
- Luthor always keeps his word.
- Jordan?
- He was trying so hard
to be a good dad, and he was.
I just never got a chance
to tell him that.
- Let's get the hell
out of here.
- Hold on.
It's her.
- Her?
- That lady, the one
we saw with Granddad.
His date.
- Take me there.
- I could use a warm shower
and a cold beer.
Care to join?
- Hard pass on both.
[whoosh]
- Where's my dad?
- You're too late.
- Kid looks like Snoopy
playing fighter pilot.
[crunching, groaning]
- I told you.
- Where is he?
- 50 yards that way.
- They buried him!
[whoosh]
♪ ♪
- [gasps]
[coughing]
- Grandpa.
Grandpa, are you okay?
- Dad!
♪ ♪
- Second time
you've saved my life, kiddo.
Thank you.
- Those people
got away, though.
- Not before you and your mom
roughed 'em up.
Don't worry.
They can't stay hidden
for long.
- Yeah, what about Luthor?
He's not hiding.
- Don't worry about him
right now.
We need to talk about Clark.
[soft apprehensive music]
- Boys, can you
give us a minute?
♪ ♪
- Before I was buried,
Luthor showed me the headline
in today's "Gazette."
What'd Luthor do, exactly?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- That's twice in one day.
- Wasn't our fault this time.
Lois Lane showed up
with that kid
people have been
calling Superboy.
- He's got powers?
- He showed up in Smallville
about a month ago.
♪ ♪
- What's our next move?
- Stay hidden until
you hear from me.
Do not show your faces.
- Where are you going?
- To get what I asked for.
- He must have planned
this whole thing
the moment he was released
from prison.
Once he got rid of you two,
there'd be no one left
to protect me.
Dad, he's coming after me.
I know him. He won't stop.
He wants to destroy my life
and everybody in it,
turn the boys against me like
his daughter turned on him.
And now with Clark gone--
- Lois, that woman Gretchen--
whatever her name is--
I let my guard down,
made myself an easy target.
That won't happen again.
And Clark?
Well, they've tried
to kill him for years
and failed every single time.
You do not have to worry.
- Dad, you don't understand.
- Pumpkin, there's nothing
in this universe
that can stop Superman.
- There might be now.
[dramatic music]
- [snarling]
[whoosh]
♪ ♪
[snarling]
[high-pitched ringing]
♪ ♪
[buzzing]
[both shouting]
♪ ♪
- I think that nurse
is about ready to quit.
- Yeah, well, how many times
did Granddad mention
that he's a four-star general?
- It was at least two.
- All right, that's enough.
[soft music]
Come here.
I love you both so much.
- Love you, Mom.
- Love you too.
- And we are gonna get through
this like we always have--
as a family.
[high-pitched warbling]
Jordan, what's wrong?
[heart beating]
- It's coming back.
- [snarling softly]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Good night, Chuck.
- Good night, Aidy.
[whooshing]
- [snarling]
♪ ♪
[snarling]
- Oh, my God.
- [snarling]
♪ ♪
- Not much to look at,
but Milton assured me
it would work.
- He did good.
- How about we keep that
between us?
Last thing that brainiac needs
is this going to his head.
You need anything else?
- No.
- How about some company?
I spent a lot of time
thinking about
what it would it be like
once you got out of prison.
- Me too.
[whooshing]
- [snarling]
♪ ♪
- Can't hear his heart beating.
- [gasps]
[sentimental music]
♪ ♪
I'm in love with someone else,
Clark from the paper.
♪ ♪
No, no, no, no.
This wasn't supposed
to happen, not before me.
No.
- Mom, Dad.
- No.
- Mom.
- No, boys.
- Mom, is he okay?
- [sobbing]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
- No, no.
No!
No.
- [snarling]
- Looks smaller in real life.
- You have something for me?
- [snarling]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Well done, friend.
- [snarling]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
- Greg, move your head.